### Usage Funnels with Warby Parker

Warby Parker is a transformative lifestyle brand with a lofty objective: to offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses. Founded in 2010 and named after two characters in an early Jack Kerouac journal, Warby Parker believes in creative thinking, smart design, and doing good in the world. For every pair of eyeglasses and sunglasses sold, a pair is distributed to someone in need.

In this project, you will analyze different Warby Parker marketing funnels in order to calculate conversion rates. Here are the funnels and the tables that you are given:

Quiz Funnel:

survey
Home Try-On Funnel:

quiz
home_try_on
purchase
This project was a collaboration with Warby Parker’s Data Science team (thank you!) and uses fictional data.

Let’s get started!


1.
To help users find their perfect frame, Warby Parker has a Style Quiz that has the following questions:

“What are you looking for?”
“What’s your fit?”
“Which shapes do you like?”
“Which colors do you like?”
“When was your last eye exam?”
The users’ responses are stored in a table called survey.

Select all columns from the first 10 rows. What columns does the table have?

```sql
SELECT *
FROM survey
LIMIT 10
```

2.
Users will “give up” at different points in the survey. Let’s analyze how many users move from Question 1 to Question 2, etc.

Create a quiz funnel using the GROUP BY command.

What is the number of responses for each question?

```sql
SELECT question,
   COUNT(DISTINCT user_id)
FROM survey
GROUP BY question;
```








